There are more than 50,000 earthquakes throughout the world every year!
There are no clocks in Las Vegas casinos.
There are no rivers in Saudi Arabia.
There are only three cities that are named exactly after the state they are located in: Maine, ME; New York, NY; and Wyoming, WY.
There is a city called Rome on every continent.
There is a town in Texas called 'Ding Dong.'
There is about 200 times more gold in the world’s oceans, than has been mined in our entire history.
There is no mention of Adam and Eve eating an apple in the Bible.
There were no squirrels on Nantucket Island, Massachusetts until 1989.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
To "testify" was based on men in the Roman court swearing to a statement made by swearing on their testicles.
Tomb robbers believed that knocking Egyptian sarcophagi's noses off would forestall curses.
Turkey's often look up at the sky during a rainstorm. Unfortunately some have been known to drown as a result.
U.S. Interstates which go north-south are numbered sequentially starting from the west with odd numbers, and Interstates which go east-west are numbered sequentially starting from the south with even numbers.
Until 1967, LSD was legal in California.
Video Killed the Radio Star was the very first video ever played on MTV.
Walt Disney named Mickey Mouse after Mickey Rooney, whose mother he dated for some time.
Walt Disney's autograph bears no resemblance to the famous Disney logo.
Warren Beatty and Shirley MacLaine are brother and sister.
When opossums are playing opossum, they are not "playing." They actually pass out from sheer terror.
When young and impoverished, Pablo Picasso kept warm by burning his own paintings.
While at Havard University, Edward Kennedy was suspended for cheating on a Spanish exam.
While performing her duties as queen, Cleopatra sometimes wore a fake beard.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Woodward Avenue in Detroit, Michigan carries the designation M-1, named so because it was the first paved road anywhere.